Add Resource definition and data model. (#7)
did-coop/wallet-attached-storage-spec: spec.md

### Resource Data Model

A resource is a named (addressable) blob stored in a Space, with metadata.
The data model is derived from [W3C FileAPI: File 
Interface](https://w3c.github.io/FileAPI/#file-section), but with the addition
of a few crucial properties.

In similar storage systems, a resource is called "File", "Object", "Document",
"Row", "Graph", and so on.

Resource properties:

* `id`

> * `contents` (Blob)

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Resource Data Model

> A resource is a named (addressable) blob stored in a Space, with metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resource is a named (addressable) object stored in a Space, with metadata.
```

This is where we have disagreed. I would like there to be many blobs associated with a name.

Reviewer: (i.e. a resource may have many representations)

Author: Sure. changing.

The data model is derived from [W3C FileAPI: File 
Interface](https://w3c.github.io/FileAPI/#file-section), but with the addition
of a few crucial properties.

In similar storage systems, a resource is called "File", "Object", "Document",
"Row", "Graph", and so on.

Resource properties:

* `id`

> * `contents` (Blob)

Reviewer: If we use `contents`, I want it to be conformant with as2:contents. https://www.w3.org/TR/activitystreams-vocabulary/#dfn-content

Because a resource may have blobs of many media types, I would prefer not to list it here.

consider that the blob could be 100Mb and it would make a JSON object really big.

For naming the relationship between a resource and its many representations, I think maybe like `representations` might be a better name to use.

(also do we really even need to define this here? there may be different properties in different contexts, which we can illustrate in HTTP API Docs)

Author: Also good point, we don't need it here.

* `name` - optional

> * (tbd) a link to a **system-meta** auxiliary object (determined by the local

Reviewer: Can we say "Links to any metadata objects controlled by the DataPub server"

allowing for many
and not necessarily trying to introduce/define any notion of a specific system-meta auxiliary object vs a link relation type to 0 or more objects.

Author: Sure, I like that.

> * (tbd) a link to a **system-meta** auxiliary object (determined by the local
>   system)

Author: ```suggestion
* Links to any metadata objects controlled by the DataPub server
```

* (tbd) one or more links to **custom-meta** auxiliary objects (unlike

>   system-meta, these are modifiable by the object's controller)

Reviewer: IMHO 'the object's controller' is ambiguous. Do you mean the auxiliary objects' controllers? or the resource's controller?

Also I would argue that all of them are modifiable by their controller, it's just that the system is the controller of some of them.

Author: Changed it to 'resource controller'

> * (tbd) one or more links to **custom-meta** auxiliary objects (unlike
>   system-meta, these are modifiable by the object's controller)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
* Links to any metadata objects modifiable by the resource's controller
```

> Example **system-meta** properties (not directly modifiable, controlled by the

Reviewer: there are a lot of ways we could communicate this information that don't necessarily involve system-meta properties. I would prefer we not speculate on examples here that we haven't implemented because it could cause confusion if/when we accomodate the implicit use cases here in other ways that do not involve a separate auxilary object or notion of system-meta.

To be honest, I think we should not use the term 'system-meta' at all unless/until there is a whole section explaining it, and that it should be a separate PR from this one, which I think is 90% only about the resource data model orthogonal to notions of meta.

Author: Good point, removing it for now

> Example **system-meta** properties (not directly modifiable, controlled by the
> system):
> 
> - contents size (in bytes)
> - total size in bytes (contents + metadata)
> - created timestamp (optional)
> - updated timestamp (optional)
> - last accessed timestamp (optional)
> - creator (optional) - id of the agent that created this resource
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
